Welcome to clear and simple vees fair six five foundations part 1.
Now I know you might be tempted to skip over this introduction but stick with me for a moment while
I mention some important resources that can really help you succeed.
I promise this whole process will take less than three minutes.
My name is Rick Creasey and I've been a certified instructor since 2013 and I've taught these fear to
hundreds of students directly for Villamor.
I'm also the primary V.M. where author for trainer test stop.
As a longtime instructor I can tell you that hands on experience is critical to the learning process
and I've written detailed lab manuals as a companion to this course.
If you'd like to rent a lab kit please contact me via UTA me or Lankton and I'll get you all those lab
manuals and a really reasonably priced the lab kit.
Now this is the first course in a series of two that are dedicated to the first for 6.5 foundations
exam.
As of August 2017 that second course is still under development.
It should be ready early September.
I want to encourage you to ask me questions and I want you to get the best possible experience from
this class.
So if you do have a question please don't hesitate to reach out.
And I'm happy to be along with you for this journey and I want you to please connect with me via LinkedIn
or contact me via you to me.
I typically respond to Linked-In messages a little bit more quickly just because I'm in there constantly
and if there's anything I can do to improve this course please let me know.
I strive to get five star reviews on all of my courses and hopefully you find this course to be worthy
of that score.
If not please let me know why it's not.
Thanks and enjoy learning about vees faire.